surrounded by pictures of prisoners both
former and current the Palestinian
prisoner Society keeps track of those
arrested and those released since
October the 7th that task has become
even more challenging and more and more
they're hearing about women and children
held in jail after being arrested in
Gaza Aman San takes testimonies from
those released she tells us about one
female prisoner from
Gaza throughout the period of her
detention she blindfolded and with her
legs and hands tight the prison
according to what she said is a
completely open Barracks with no rooms
and about 30 other female prisoners are
detained in the same
place the United Nations has said on
December the 16th it received numerous
reports of mass detentions forced
disappearances and ill treatment of
prisoners from northern Gaza including
women and children who are specifically
protected under the Geneva Convention
the law of armed conflict
Israel isn't granting any organization
access to the detes a fact the Red Cross
says contravenes International
humanitarian law we are not currently
getting access uh we are speaking to to
Israeli authorities and reminding them
of their obligations under international
law and this includes uh for
Palestinians as protected persons under
the Geneva conventions uh that we are
have access to them and they are allowed
to also retain access with their family
members since October the 7th the Israel
I have set up or expanded military bases
like the one behind me to hold what they
called Hamas prisoners they say that
anybody that's been interrogated that
isn't linked to the group is released
without charge but International and
local human rights groups say that the
testimony they're getting from people
released from places like this and
others across the occupied West Bank
show a significant cause for concern
when it comes to International
humanitarian law Imran Khan Al jazer the
occupied West
Bank make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer